Convert core concepts / components to use gjs (#2124)
ember-learn/guides-source: guides/release/components/helper-functions.md

As you move forward with these template guides, keep in mind that a helper can be used anywhere a normal value can be used.

## Shared Helper Functions

Since helper functions are plain JavaScript functions, we can define them anywhere in our app and import them into our component files. 

<div class="cta">
  <div class="cta-note">
    <div class="cta-note-body">
      <div class="cta-note-heading">Zoey says...</div>
      <div class="cta-note-message">

>         Before `.gjs`, Ember applications defined reusable helper functions in `app/helpers` and made them automatically available to legacy components. You may still put shared functions there, but it is no longer a requirement.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        Before template tag (`.gjs`), Ember applications defined reusable helper functions in `app/helpers`. Those helpers were made globally available in any template. You may still put shared functions there, but it is no longer a requirement.
```

fine-grained control of the helper lifecycle, is _stateful_ (we'll be
discussing state in the next chapter), or requiring access to a [service](../../services/).

## Built-in and Common Helpers

<div class="cta">
  <div class="cta-note">
    <div class="cta-note-body">
      <div class="cta-note-heading">Zoey says...</div>
      <div class="cta-note-message">
        Unlike nearly everything else in `.gts` files, these helpers do not need to be explicitly imported.
      </div>
    </div>
    <img src="/images/mascots/zoey.png" role="presentation" alt="">
  </div>
</div>

Below you will find some useful template helpers documented.

> For the full list of available helpers, you can check the [template helpers API documentation](https://api.emberjs.com/ember/6.5/classes/Ember.Templates.helpers/).

Author: I believe one problem here is that `concat` and *some* of the other helpers are no longer in the API docs (at least at the linked location).

[4.11, now you see me](https://api.emberjs.com/ember/4.11/classes/Ember.Templates.helpers/methods/concat?anchor=concat)

[4.12, now you don't](https://api.emberjs.com/ember/4.12/classes/Ember.Templates.helpers/methods/concat?anchor=concat)

These helpers are in 4.11 and not in 4.12: `array`, `concat`, `fn`, `get`, `hash`

Maybe they are documented elsewhere?
